


romkatv/zsh-defer kind:clone 

ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:lib

zpm-zsh/ls
MichaelAquilina/zsh-you-should-use
Freed-Wu/zsh-help
zpm-zsh/undollar
zpm-zsh/mysql-colorize
#reegnz/jq-zsh-plugin



ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/aliases
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/extract
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/composer
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/command-not-found
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/git
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/fzf
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/npm
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/mise
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/pip
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/python
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/rust
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/starship
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/systemadmin
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/tmux kind:defer
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/ubuntu
#ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/wp-cli kind:defer
#ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/yarn
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/zoxide


zsh-users/zsh-autosuggestions kind:defer
zdharma-continuum/fast-syntax-highlighting kind:defer
Aloxaf/fzf-tab kind:defer
Freed-Wu/fzf-tab-source kind:defer
hlissner/zsh-autopair kind:defer
unixorn/warhol.plugin.zsh kind:defer
